# New Code Copyright Release (Unlicense)

This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.

Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or distribute this software, either in source code form or
as a compiled
binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any means.

In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors of this software dedicate any and all copyright
interest in the software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit
of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of
relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this software under copyright law.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

For more information, please refer to <https://unlicense.org/>

# NIST Copyright Release

NIST-developed software is provided by NIST as a public service. You may use, copy and distribute copies of the software
in any medium, provided that you keep intact this entire notice. You may improve, modify and create derivative works of
the software or any portion of the software, and you may copy and distribute such modifications or works. Modified works
should carry a notice stating that you changed the software and should note the date and nature of any such change.
Please explicitly acknowledge the National Institute of Standards and Technology as the source of the software.

NIST-developed software is expressly provided "AS IS." NIST MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, IN FACT OR
ARISING BY OPERATION OF LAW, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND DATA ACCURACY. NIST NEITHER REPRESENTS NOR WARRANTS THAT THE OPERATION OF THE
SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED. NIST DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR THE RESULTS THEREOF, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE CORRECTNESS,
ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR USEFULNESS OF THE SOFTWARE.

You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using and distributing the software and you assume all
risks associated with its use, including but not limited to the risks and costs of program errors, compliance with
applicable laws, damage to or loss of data, programs or equipment, and the unavailability or interruption of operation.
This software is not intended to be used in any situation where a failure could cause risk of injury or damage to
property. The software developed by NIST employees is not subject to copyright protection within the United States.

## Related Links

See https://www.nist.gov/open/copyright-fair-use-and-licensing-statements-srd-data-software-and-technical-series-publications

